Apollo HVLP the equipment you deserve
your projects are often judged on how
they look and feel Apollo spray HVLP can
help take your work to a new level of
perfection with precision and ease the
perfect finish starts with HVLP Apollo
HVLP provides you with dramatically less
overspray this means increased user
efficiency less paint consumption and a
decreased impact to the environment
Apollo HVLP opens new horizons and spray
finishing you can spray in spaces that
were previously less than practical or
even impossible and with Apollo HVLP
turbine portability you can spray in
your workshop or on-site plug into any
standard electric source to achieve a
continuous clean dry source of atomizing
air pressure cleanup is always quick and
easy at Apollo sprayers we built our
reputation by providing a full range of
high quality high performance and
durable products what sets us apart is
dedication to our customers Apollo's
ongoing commitment to customer education
ensures that every customer has the
latest and most accurate information
about finishing and finishing technology
Apollo sprayers is continuously
developing and testing the most powerful
turbine motors in the world we are
constantly researching and developing
new technologies in our pursuit of the
perfect finish we want you to have
impeccable results the first time every
time Apollo HVLP turbine systems meet
the toughest environmental codes
worldwide our turbines are distinguished
by their rugged construction cool
comfortable operation full ventilation
and multiple air filtration our quadra
clean air filtration system keeps your
turbine motor running at a comfortable
temperature providing you with
reliability longevity and impeccable
finished results our handy hold spray
gun docking station provides a safe and
easy way to store and transport your
spray gun the air hose quick connect and
disconnect ensures your air hose is
safely locked in
place all Apollo systems are supplied
with five-eighths diameter air hoses
which are lighter in weight and have an
added flexible extension which means
less operator fatigue and a steadier
hand our award-winning atomizer spray
gun is the one gun that does it all
Apollo's precision crafted atomizer gun
is ergonomically engineered to be
lightweight and perfectly balanced it
features large air passageways that
provide smooth flowing air to maximize
performance control is at your
fingertips from the easy to adjust fluid
knob to our uniquely designed and
intelligently located expansive fan
control you get precision and comfort
every time you spray the atomizers
unique tri-mode design allows for two
different cup configurations
or maybe you don't want to use a cup at
all want to use your atomizer spray gun
with an air compressor no problem with
true HVLP design just screw in a
high-pressure air fitting into the
handle coupler and you immediately have
an HVLP spray gun for compressed air
with all of the atomizer features
stainless steel fluid components and no
o rings make maintenance and clean up
quick and easy and if you need to change
nozzles needles and air caps Apollo
makes that easy with clear markings and
color-coded air caps
your projects deserve the best now is
the time to consider moving to Apollo
HVLP whether you're new to spray
finishing or considering switching to
HVLP technology Apollo sprayers has the
right equipment for you call today to
speak with one of our finishing
technology experts to select the right
Apollo for you Apollo HVLP the equipment
you deserve
you